Data Migration Service: general edits (#5934)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/transporter/ba_preview/limitations.mdx

- XML
- Spatial

> EDB Data Migration Service supports replicating Oracle tables that contain BLOB, CLOB, or NCLOB columns only if these also have the `PRIMARY KEY` constraint. If the tables don;t have the `PRIMARY KEY` constraint, the streaming replication will only support INSERT operations.

Author: @yidian1997  I saw you had a conversation with @ksnavely about this in the other thread (https://github.com/EnterpriseDB/docs/pull/5908/files#r1703232801). Is this wording more accurate?

Author: ```suggestion
EDB Data Migration Service supports replicating Oracle tables that contain BLOB, CLOB, or NCLOB columns only if these also have the `PRIMARY KEY` constraint. If the tables don't have the `PRIMARY KEY` constraint, the streaming replication will only support INSERT operations.
```
